Docs/Katas/000_TDD_LoginSignup/000_TDD_LoginSignup.md, before:

# TDD Login/Signup

In this Kata we'll show how is possible to implement a Login/Signup feature following Test Driven approach and clean code principles.

To simplify the development and reduce the time effort required, we'll restrict the TDD to only the Business Logic of the Logic/Signup module, ignoring the usual networking communication with a server and using an already built Storyboard for the UI.

In the tutorial documentation we'll show step by step which are the task required to TDD our Login/Signup and we'll break this development in steps. For each Step we'll provided the initial source code and the final source code, so that you can follow us along the development and that you are able to make a comparison with your version.

Every Step will be listed in the following table:

### List of Steps

| #    | Title                                     | Description       | Started    |
| ---- | ----------------------------------------- | ----------------- | ---------- |
| 000  | [Step 0](000_Step_0/000_Step0_Project.md) | Setup the project | 2021-03-20 |

##

Commit message:

add step 2 implementing the Model Layer

Docs/Katas/000_TDD_LoginSignup/000_TDD_LoginSignup.md, after:

# TDD Login/Signup

In this Kata we'll show how is possible to implement a Login/Signup feature following Test Driven approach and clean code principles.

To simplify the development and reduce the time effort required, we'll restrict the TDD to only the Business Logic of the Logic/Signup module, ignoring the usual networking communication with a server and using an already built Storyboard for the UI.

In the tutorial documentation we'll show step by step which are the task required to TDD our Login/Signup and we'll break this development in steps. For each Step we'll provided the initial source code and the final source code, so that you can follow us along the development and that you are able to make a comparison with your version.

Every Step will be listed in the following table:

### List of Steps

| #    | Title                                                | Description                                        | Started    |
| ---- | ---------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ---------- |
| 000  | [Step 0](000_Step_0/000_Step0_Project.md)            | Setup the project                                  | 2021-03-20 |
| 001  | [Step 1](000_Step_1/000_Step1_UserInterfaceLayer.md) | Implement the barebone of the User Interface Layer | 2021-03-20 |
| 002  | [Step 2](000_Step_2/000_Step2_ModelLayer.md)         | Building the Model Layer                           | 2021-03-20 |

##
